.TH "automomous-instantdocument-system" "27" "March 2023" "automomous-instantdocument-system" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
automomous-instantdocument-system \- Automatically generate LaTeX Documents
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B automomous-instantdocument-system
[\fI\,OPTIONS\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
A Java/JavaFX  program to automatically generate LaTeX Documents.
.PD 0
.P
.PD
\f[B]automomous-instantdocument-system \f[R] without options launches in a graphical mode.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-t | --type\fR \fI\,<type>\/\fR
Specifies the desired Document type, e.g. "exam".
.TP
\fB\-c | --chapters\fR \fI\,<chapters>\/\fR
Specifies the amount of chapters per document. 
.TP
\fB\-a | --amount\fR \fI\,<amount>\/\fR
Specifies how many Documents should be generated.
.TP
\fB\-s | --shuffle\fR
turns on shuffle mode.
.TP
\fB\-h | --help\fR
Show summary of options.
.TP
\fB\-v | --version\fR
Print version number and exit.
.SH BUGS
.PP
Use the GitHub issue tracker:
https://github.com/j0giwa/automomous-instantdocument-system/issues
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
automomous-instantdocument-system is licensed under the GNU General Public License v2.0
.PP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
